this year I'm still hoping for the final
I'm still hopeful doing yeah I think you
I've gone ahead and deal with what he's
got to deal with I'm just very sorry
sometimes it may not be easy but you go
get worse other than peace or when I
went up the stairs
I'm absolutely completely and utterly
thrilled to the core no sense of rhythm
seriously I can explain next I was
hoping
I'm always behind everybody else in time
it's so nice to have these speculations
done in over room and today I forgot at
least three steps my personally all
those things are slightly overrated I
thought between you and Vincent it down
to two and I was and so I was quite
close but I thought that's good you got
it they're good together
Robin's new this year so so that's gonna
be really great because we're gonna be
you know doing this look together
well I'm not learning here I'm very
excited I'm Peter because he is the
second goalkeeper partner that I've had
and I think is a sports rather they know
how to work I'm just very relieved that
now we can start working good so I have
some some fun and relax and just get on
with it
you